.github/pull_request_template.md, before:

# Objective

- Describe the objective or issue this PR addresses.
- If you're fixing a specific issue, say "Fixes #X".

## Solution

- Describe the solution used to achieve the objective above.

---

## Changelog

> This section is optional. If this was a trivial fix, or has no externally-visible impact, you can delete this section.

- What changed as a result of this PR?
- If applicable, organize changes under "Added", "Changed", or "Fixed" sub-headings
- Stick to one or two sentences. If more detail is needed for a particular change, consider adding it to the "Solution" section
  - If you can't summarize the work, your change may be unreasonably large / unrelated. Consider splitting your PR to make it easier to review and merge!

## Migration Guide

> This section is optional. If there are no breaking changes, you can delete this section.

- If this PR is a breaking change (relative to the last release of Bevy), describe how a user might need to migrate their code to support these changes
- Simply adding new functionality is not a breaking change.
- Fixing behavior that was definitely a bug, rather than a questionable design choice is not a breaking change.

Commit message:

Add Testing section to the PR template

.github/pull_request_template.md, after:

# Objective

- Describe the objective or issue this PR addresses.
- If you're fixing a specific issue, say "Fixes #X".

## Solution

- Describe the solution used to achieve the objective above.

## Testing

- Did you test these changes? If so, how have you tested them? Are there any parts that need more testing?
- Is there anything people need to know when testing these changes?
- If relevant, what platforms did you test these changes on, and are there any important ones you can't test?

---

## Changelog

> This section is optional. If this was a trivial fix, or has no externally-visible impact, you can delete this section.

- What changed as a result of this PR?
- If applicable, organize changes under "Added", "Changed", or "Fixed" sub-headings
- Stick to one or two sentences. If more detail is needed for a particular change, consider adding it to the "Solution" section
  - If you can't summarize the work, your change may be unreasonably large / unrelated. Consider splitting your PR to make it easier to review and merge!

## Migration Guide

> This section is optional. If there are no breaking changes, you can delete this section.

- If this PR is a breaking change (relative to the last release of Bevy), describe how a user might need to migrate their code to support these changes
- Simply adding new functionality is not a breaking change.
- Fixing behavior that was definitely a bug, rather than a questionable design choice is not a breaking change.
